hey internet people it scary so I've
been talking with someone suggesting
that Jews having guns during the
Holocaust could have prevented it
boe thoughts well guns aren't magic
they're tools my pocket survival kit I
can survive in the woods for a week or
more with this thing that I survive in
the woods for a week yeah I don't know
how to use that well
survival kits aren't magic either okay
it's not guns themselves that could have
prevented the Holocaust but guns in the
hands of the right people so does this
mean private gun ownership is worthless
and stopping government tyranny well if
the only thing the gun owner knows how
to do with this gun is poke holes in
paper at the range no it's not gonna do
any good at all it's worthless
the gun owner knows a little bit about
unconventional warfare insurgency cover
concealment how to move those kinds of
things then yeah it can be used to
preserve Liberty most don't not really
and untrained people they do one thing
really really well in combat die how is
a rifle gonna combat a tank or a drone
well that's the rub that is the rub
right there people who typically have
the attitude of well my my rifles got to
protect us and serve freedom this is how
we're gonna keep the Republic they have
a very romanticized version of what
insurgency and revolution looks like
they want to be the hero and we're alive
that's not how any of this works you
don't fight a tank you don't find a
drone you don't find the tank drivers
family or the drone operators family
that's how it really works
that's not war that's murder war is
murder don't you think that kind of
terrorist attack would cause the
government to take more drastic measures
well that's the point of insurgency the
insurgents their whole job is to make
the government overreact
it's to make the government respond in a
way that is too much when they start
drone strikes and they kill a bunch of
civilians the family members of those
civilians will they take up arms when
they clamp down on civil liberties
makes the people of the area feel like
they're living under tyranny then they
see the opposition government for what
it is this is why terrorist activities
have grown since the war on terror
started including in non conflict
countries it seems like insurgencies put
the government in a no-win situation it
is and so are the civilians they're in a
no-win situation to the idea of armed
revolution is not one to be tossed out
half-heartedly it's a horrible horrible
thing
armed revolutions have been proven
necessary in the past and they may be
proven us there in the future if we fail
to create a fair and just society
they'll probably be necessary advocating
for armed revolution doesn't make you
tough it doesn't make you a proponent of
real change it doesn't it's not a
display of your character it's an
indictment of it what you're really
saying is that reason and thought are
just too difficult it's too hard to
teach or the violence is just easier and
it is at some point in the future we may
need another armed revolution our kids
may need it but if they do it's because
we failed them anyway it's just a
thought